---
title:  UK Health Camp 2018
author: UKHC Team
date:   2018-05-29
categories: "2018"
---
This year we’re bringing UK Health Camp 2018 to Manchester! We are really excited about this - we hope that holding the event outside of London will help capture the full range of excellent healthcare initiatives happening around the country. 

We are reaching out to the healthcare community in the North, but we hope that plenty of attendees will travel with us to Manchester.

### What is UK Health Camp?

UK Health Camp is a healthcare-themed unconference. For those not familiar with the unconference style, it is like an event in which the agenda is built on the day by attendees, and each session tends to be a conversation rather than a presentation.

### Getting tickets

As per UK Health Camp tradition, we will release tickets in staggered batches, in order to give everyone a fair shot at getting a ticket, and a chance to think about cancelling if they no longer wish to attend. We have always managed to accommodate everyone willing to attend, and we are looking forward to do so again.

Here is the tickets schedule:
- Wednesday June 6th, 2pm
- Tuesday June 19th, 10am
- Sunday July 8th, 8pm
- Wednesday July 18th, 11am
- Wednesday August 8th, 2pm

Tickets will be available from [http://ukhealthcamp.com/](http://ukhealthcamp.com/)

### Why should I attend?

Ask our previous attendees! Here’s a couple of comments we have received:

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-conversation="none" data-lang="en-gb"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">As I clinician &amp; geek i have been twice and loved them. For me is a key CPD event....have interesting conversations with interesting people, learning loads by sharing &amp; listening to diffetent perspectives/experiences of digital &amp; health.</p>&mdash; Becky Wassall (@Bexmoxon) <a href="https://twitter.com/Bexmoxon/status/997015337102139393?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">17 May 2018</a></blockquote>

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-conversation="none" data-lang="en-gb"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">It’s the digital ‘camp’ which is most obviously about issues of life and death. Which gives the sessions an urgency and gut-punch quality you don’t get talking about bin-day (sorry LocalGov folk).</p>&mdash; Glyn R Jones (@GlynRJones) <a href="https://twitter.com/GlynRJones/status/997248721875156992?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">17 May 2018</a></blockquote>

We want to make UK Health Camp an event for everyone. 

Our Code of Conduct is published [here](/code-of-conduct). 

If you attend, be aware that we will not tolerate any form of harassment, and will expect your collaboration in making the event a welcoming and inclusive place where we can have conversations and even arguments (digital healthcare folks are very passionate!) in a respectful way.

<script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>