---
title:  UK Health Camp 2019
author: UKHC Team
date:   2018-06-18
categories: "2019"
---
UK Health Camp is coming to to **Newport, Wales** this year! Building on the success of holding the event outside London last year we hope to continue to capture the range of different health and care initiative from around the UK and are really excited about what Wales will offer.

We are keen to be joined by the health and care community in Wales, but we hope that plenty of attendees will also travel with us to Newport.

### What is UK Health Camp?

UK Health Camp is a health and care themed unconference. **Our aim is to provide a space to connect, share ideas and make things happen.**

For those not familiar with the unconference style checkout the ‘[How does it work?](/#how-does-it-work)’ section for an explanation and examples of sessions from previous events.

### Why should I attend?

Our events are multidisciplinary - we aim to bring together health and care professionals, policy makers and service managers together with designers, digital specialists and technologists. Everyone is welcome.

**We are open to all**, whether you work for health and care services or not.

Ask our previous attendees! Here’s a couple of comments we have received:

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-conversation="none" data-lang="en-gb"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">As I clinician &amp; geek i have been twice and loved them. For me is a key CPD event....have interesting conversations with interesting people, learning loads by sharing &amp; listening to diffetent perspectives/experiences of digital &amp; health.</p>&mdash; Becky Wassall (@Bexmoxon) <a href="https://twitter.com/Bexmoxon/status/997015337102139393?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">17 May 2018</a></blockquote>

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-conversation="none" data-lang="en-gb"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">It’s the digital ‘camp’ which is most obviously about issues of life and death. Which gives the sessions an urgency and gut-punch quality you don’t get talking about bin-day (sorry LocalGov folk).</p>&mdash; Glyn R Jones (@GlynRJones) <a href="https://twitter.com/GlynRJones/status/997248721875156992?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">17 May 2018</a></blockquote>

### Getting tickets

As per UK Health Camp tradition, we will release tickets in staggered batches, in order to give everyone a fair shot at getting a ticket, and a chance to think about cancelling if they no longer wish to attend. We have always managed to accommodate everyone willing to attend, and we are looking forward to doing so again.

Here is the tickets schedule:
- Wednesday June 26th, 12am
- Sunday July 8th, 8pm
- Wednesday July 18th, 11am
- Wednesday August 8th, 2pm

Tickets will be available from [ukhealthcamp.com](https://ukhealthcamp.com/)

---

We want to make UK Health Camp an event for everyone. 

Our Code of Conduct is published [here](/code-of-conduct). 

If you attend, be aware that we will not tolerate any form of harassment, and will expect your collaboration in making the event a welcoming and inclusive place where we can have conversations and even arguments (digital healthcare folks are very passionate!) in a respectful way.

<script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
