---
title:  UK Health Camp 2022
author: UKHC Team
date:   2022-08-23
categories: "2022"
---
UK Health Camp is on **Saturday 15th October 2022** in **Shoreditch, London**! After holding the event in Manchester (2018) and Newport, Wales (2019) we have returned to London.

We hope attendees will also travel to us from across the UK so we can capture the full range of different health and care initiatives happening around the country.

### What is UK Health Camp?

UK Health Camp is a health and care themed [unconference](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unconference). **Our aim is to provide a space to connect, share ideas and make things happen.**

For those not familiar with the unconference style checkout the ‘[How does it work?](/#how-does-it-work)’ section for an explanation and examples of sessions from previous events.

### Why should I attend?

Our events are multidisciplinary - we aim to bring together health and care professionals, policy makers and service managers together with designers, digital specialists and technologists. Everyone is welcome.

**We are open to all**, whether you work for health and care services or not.

Ask our previous attendees! Here’s a couple of comments we have received:

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">What a fabulous event. By some degree, the most enjoyable and most inspirational conference I&#39;ve ever attended. Many thanks <a href="https://twitter.com/ukhealthcamp?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@ukhealthcamp</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/ukhc19?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#ukhc19</a> for a great day.</p>&mdash; Craig Gurney (@CraigTweeted) <a href="https://twitter.com/CraigTweeted/status/1172904849299640321?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 14, 2019</a></blockquote>

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-conversation="none" data-lang="en-gb"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">As I clinician &amp; geek i have been twice and loved them. For me is a key CPD event....have interesting conversations with interesting people, learning loads by sharing &amp; listening to diffetent perspectives/experiences of digital &amp; health.</p>&mdash; Becky Wassall (@Bexmoxon) <a href="https://twitter.com/Bexmoxon/status/997015337102139393?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">17 May 2018</a></blockquote>

### Getting tickets

Tickets are available now at: [ukhealthcamp.com](https://ukhealthcamp.com/)

Other batches of tickets will be released nearer to the event (join our mailing list for notifications) as cancellations come in and extra tickets are released. We have always managed to accommodate everyone willing to attend, and we are looking forward to doing so again.

---

We want to make UK Health Camp an event for everyone. 

Our Code of Conduct is published [here](/code-of-conduct). 

If you attend, be aware that we will not tolerate any form of harassment, and will expect your collaboration in making the event a welcoming and inclusive place where we can have conversations and even arguments (digital health and care folks are very passionate!) in a respectful way.

<script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
